Conestoga College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning
School of IT
Technical Report

Title: ex. A Mobile Application for Scheduling and Confirming Animal Feedings at a Metropolitan Zoo

Authors: Juliana, Khaleel, Andrew, Sulim

Faculty Advisor: 	Rich Hildred

Keywords: Mobile application, HTML 5, JavaScript

Abstract:
Ex., A need was perceived by the mangers at the Kitchener zoo to schedule feedings for the animals according to specified zoo personnel as animals sometimes went hungry with unfortunate results. The chief zookeeper and attendants were interviewed and requirements were gathered according to best industry practices. It was decided to create a desktop web application using ASP.NET as the client has appropriate licensing, and a partner mobile application using HTML 5 as this would result in maximum flexibility across devices and platforms. The system has been implemented and the client is now using it. There is potential for commercializing the application. 

Academic Purpose:
Ex. This project is intended to fulfill the requirements of the Systems Development: System Project course (INFO3800) in the Computer Programmer Analyst program at Conestoga College ITAL. 

Business/Technological Purpose:
Ex., This system will allow zoo managers to create schedules for zoo personnel to feed animals.  Personnel carrying handheld devices will use a mobile application to confirm the feedings have taken place or to flag them for rescheduling. (You might wish to include a screenshot here to give a stronger idea of how the system is used.) 

Our Contribution:
This section should include the main strengths from your Project Strengths document. Include the techniques, technologies and business features that best distinguish your project.  Include any innovative technical development and any innovative business features. A strength could always be that your project is a highly cost-effective solution for your client.

Background:
 Explain why there was a perceived need for this kind of system. How was this purpose fulfilled before?

Market research:
Compare your project with commercially available systems that you have found on the web and explain what features yours has that the others don’t have and vice versa. Include a discussion of cost 

Approach:
Document the methods used for gathering user requirements. Explain the choice the choice of methodologies and technologies. 

Discussion:
Did the completed project meet your expectations and those of the clients? What challenges did you have to overcome in implementing the project? Discuss any interesting fixes you made. Were there unexpected benefits?

Future Work:
If you were to continue with this work in the future, what features would you add? What corrections or adjustments you would make? (You don’t have to give away any ideas that you wish to commercialize.) Would it make sense for other CP or CPA groups to continue this work for the client?

Conclusions/Summary:
List three or four of the strongest ideas from this document, especially the ones you want to leave with the reader.
Copyright 2011, property of the authors
